Add schedule for the re-enqueue lambda (#80)
elastio/contrib: elastio-s3-changelog/README.md

1. First, you need to enable Amazon EventBridge for your S3 buckets by following these instructions:
    [Enabling Amazon EventBridge](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/enable-event-notifications-eventbridge.html).

> 2. Use one of the following quick-create links. Choose the region where your Elastio CloudFormation stack is deployed:

Reviewer: Let's sort the regions in order of their popularity. I believe it should be smth like this:
- US regions
- EU regions
- CA regions
- AP regions

Also the wording is wrong. 

```suggestion
2. Use one of the following quick-create links. Choose the region where your Elastio connector is deployed:
```

Reviewer 2: Technically it's called "Elastio Cloud Connector" )

>     * [ap-south-1](https://ap-south-1.console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=ap-south-1#/stacks/create/review?templateURL=https://elastio-prod-artifacts-us-east-2.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/contrib/elastio-s3-changelog/v2/cloudformation-multiple-buckets.yaml&stackName=elastio-s3-changelog)

Reviewer: All the links are broken. How did they end up leading to v2 version?

Author: Because I changed the version.

Reviewer: I see, I missed that small change in version file. Changing the version isn't needed for several reasons:
- This CFN template hasn't been released and used in prod yet, so we can do any breaking changes until that happens without bumping versions
- The version here isn't intended to be bumped basically ever. It is there only just to account for the case when we do a breaking change. If you want to add an indicator of a patch number, then let's just add `Patch: N` output to the outputs of the single-bucket CFN stack. This may be useful to discover which exact version the user used.

    * [us-east-1](https://us-east-1.console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-east-1#/stacks/create/review?templateURL=https://elastio-prod-artifacts-us-east-2.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/contrib/elastio-s3-changelog/v2/cloudformation-multiple-buckets.yaml&stackName=elastio-s3-changelog)
    * [us-east-2](https://us-east-2.console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-east-2#/stacks/create/review?templateURL=https://elastio-prod-artifacts-us-east-2.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/contrib/elastio-s3-changelog/v2/cloudformation-multiple-buckets.yaml&stackName=elastio-s3-changelog)
    * [us-west-1](https://us-west-1.console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-west-1#/stacks/create/review?templateURL=https://elastio-prod-artifacts-us-east-2.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/contrib/elastio-s3-changelog/v2/cloudformation-multiple-buckets.yaml&stackName=elastio-s3-changelog)
    * [us-west-2](https://us-west-2.console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-west-2#/stacks/create/review?templateURL=https://elastio-prod-artifacts-us-east-2.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/contrib/elastio-s3-changelog/v2/cloudformation-multiple-buckets.yaml&stackName=elastio-s3-changelog)

>     > **Important!** You can change the stack name, but it **MUST** start with `elastio-`. Otherwise, Elastio won't be able to access the created resources.

Reviewer: Let's move this note before the links. I'm sure 99% of people will just ignore this note because:
- A. It appears at the bottom of the huge list of links
- B. It is displayed with grey font (which contradicts its intention to draw attention).

So instead, let's make it into just a regular paragraph before the links.
